[Music]
welcome back you're watching Al jazer
I'm Nastasia T here in Doha let's remind
you of our top stories at least four
Palestinians have been killed after a
rare Israeli air strike on the Janine
refugee camp in the occupied West Bank
this is only the second time that Israel
has launched Air Raids in the occupied
West Bank since
2006 meanwhile dozens of Palestinians
have been killed in overnight Israeli
strikes on the Gaza Strip a popular Cafe
as well as a shopping center were among
the places targeted there
[Music]
since the 7th of October at least
4,385 Palestinians have been killed in
Israeli air strikes according to the
last update from the health Ministry in
Gaza 90 Palestinians have been killed in
the occupied West Bank
1,45 Israelis have been killed since
Hamas launched its military offensive on
the 7th of October and more than 1,040
Palestinians have been arrested in the
occupied West Bank since that attack 210
people were taken captive in southern
Israel during hamas's military
operation well the military wing of
Hamas says that Israel has refused to
accept its offer to release two more
captives a day after Hamas released two
Americans the Israeli government has
dismissed those comments from Hamas as
propaganda in Tel Aviv crowds of
Israelis rallied demanding more to be
done to secure the release of those
still being held in Gaza Muhammad Jam
Jun
reports in Tel Aviv a cry for help free
them now outside Israel's defense
Ministry anguished relatives of captives
held by Hamas demanding their
release all the countries where are you
you must understand it's crazy we are in
in Hell In Hell we are in hell and we
want a us back home
now a day after Hamas last release two
American captives demonstrators urged
leaders to implement a ceasefire and
expressed anger with how the government
has handled it all hours later an
announcement from the Kasam brigades the
military wing of Hamas saying the armed
group informed Qatar they planned to
release two more captives without
conditions but that Israel refused we
have offered to uh hand over those
captives who are in severe humanitarian
condition but the governments are not
serious on that they want to continue
killing our children they want to
continue bombardment the houses in
response the Office of Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu called the claims by
Hamas mendacious propaganda and said we
will continue to do everything necessary
to bring all the captives and missing
back home analysts say the message from
Israel is clear that it won't negotiate
with Hamas Israel did not negotiate it
was the qataris who facilitated
the uh negotiations with Hamas to allow
the two women the American citizens to
return home uh and in in Israel they
believe that is part of psychological
war that Hamas wants to gain time before
or to stop Israel maybe with
International more International
pressure to stop Israel from the ground
Invasion into Gaza from the Israeli
government increasingly bellicose
rhetoric and continuing military
buildup we will turn this equation
180° the day of the attack will be
remembered as the day that started the
final and complete destruction of the
Hamas terrorist
organization while calls for a
humanitarian ceasefire only grow louder
the bombardment of Gaza already
Relentless only
intensifies Muhammad Al jaaz occupied
East
Jerusalem well meanwhile fears am
mounting in Lebanon of an escalation in
the fighting between Hezbollah and the
Israeli Army that began after the start
of this war on Gaza more than 4,000
people have now left their homes in
villages in southern Lebanon Lebanese
officials say that the country is
already in economic crisis and if
there's an allout War it would struggle
to support displaced people they could
number more than a
million Syrian State media reporting
that Israeli strikes targeting the
airports in Damascus and Aleppo have put
them out of service at least one person
has been killed Israel had targeted
those airports earlier this month as
well reportedly to prevent arms being
sent by Iran from reaching groups such
as
Hezbollah